Why were the Articles of Confederation ineffective and eventually replaced?
A They gave the federal government too much power. #The Articles of Confederation were actually designed to limit federal power, as the founding fathers feared creating a tyrannical government similar to the British Crown.
B They retained the British Crown's control over American labor. #The British Crown had no control over the United States after the American Revolution (when Articles of Confederation were in effect).
C They gave the federal government too little power. *The Articles of Confederation did not allow the federal government to enforce federal law, preside over interstate judicial disputes, levy taxes, or regulate trade.
D They caused the South to secede from the Union. #Southern secession was caused by the election of Abraham Lincoln as the 16th president.

Why did the civil war start?
A The Republicans wanted to end slavery. #Although the republicans did want to abolish slavery, their ultimate goal of the war was not to end slavery.
B The southern states started sending troops to kill northern troops. #The south never sent troops to the northern states
C The southern states succeed and the north saw it as an act of treason. *The main reason that the war started was because the southern states succeeded after Lincoln was elected as president even though he had no votes from southern states. The north saw southern succession as treason and started a war to take them back.
D The northern states were stealing money from the southern states. #Sectionalism did exist between the two areas; however, the north never actually stole money from the south

Who was Andrew Carnegie and what did he do for America?
A He was a political figure that had control over the steel industry. #He was not a political figure but he did have control of the steel industry.
B He was a political figure that helped stop the exploitation of workers during the gilded age. #He was not a political figure and he exploited workers
C He was a business man that had enough money to corrupt the government and exploited children and women for production purposes. *He did have the money to corrupt the government, but didn’t. He also exploited women and children at the workplace.
D He was a business man that made steel affordable for the country and treated all his workers fairly. #He was a business man that made steel affordable for America but did not treat his workers fairly.

What was NOT an American argument for or against imperialism in the early 1900s?
A They respected the countries and did not want to take over their lands. *This was not an argument made by anyone that was against imperialism.
B Imperialism would provide great economic opportunity for trade as it provided routes for which goods could travel. #With the land acquired from South America and Hawaii, America used these areas as passage ways to transport goods via ship.
C It was America’s duty to tame the savages of the world and educate them on how to live. #This was an argument made by darwinist and believers in the “White Man’s Burden”. People believed that they were culturally superior and had to educate people that they saw as inferior.
D America had plenty of problems at home to deal with before getting involved in the world’s problems #This was an argument made by many that opposed imperialism and meant to address the problems of racism and city problems that were occurring at the time.

What is Eugenics and where did the idea originate?
A Idea from Nazi Germany that humans could be bread like animals to have desired traits. #Eugenics did not come from Nazi Germany but it support the idea of human breeding
B Idea from Britain that humans could be bread like animals to have desired traits. *Eugenics originated in Britain and people believed that humans should be bred like dogs and cats.
C Idea from America that genes could be altered in human beings. #Eugenics did not start in the US nor did they believe they could alter genes.
D Idea from Nazi Germany that genes could be altered in human beings. #Eugenics did not start in Nazi Germany nor did they believe they could alter genes.

Which court case ruled that slaves were property and which compromise did this decision contradict?
A Scott vs. Sanford, 3/5th compromise. *This case ruled that slaves were not citizens and therefore could not sue. Also this contradicted the 3/5th compromise stating that a slave counts as 3/5th of a person.
B Worcester vs. Georgia, 3/5th compromise. #This court case did not rule slaves were property but the court case that did rule that slaves were property was the 3/5th compromise.
C McCulloch vs. Maryland, Crittenden Compromise. #This court case did not rule slaves were property but the court case that did rule that slaves were property was the 3/5th compromise.
D Fletcher vs. Peck, Crittenden Compromise. #This court case did not rule slaves were property but the court case that did rule that slaves were property was the 3/5th compromise.

Which president was heavily criticized for ruling like a king and why?
A Franklin Roosevelt because he was in office for 4 terms. #Although FDR did serve as president for 4 terms he was not heavily criticized by the media for ruling like a king.
B George Washington because he had so much power as one person. #George Washington was the first president and the people did not see him as a king.
C Aaron Burr because he killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel. #Aaron Burr was never president.
D Andrew Jackson because he was thought to abuse his presidential powers. *Jackson was even titled as “King Jackson” for vetoing so many bills.

What was a NOT a reason why the Civil War was the bloodiest war in American history?
A The improving technology with weapons were more deadly than ever before. #With the introduction of the Civil War were improved rifles which could shoot at long distances with great accuracy.
B Out-dated military strategies that lined up soldiers to fight head on. #The biggest battles during the Civil War were fought head on and ranks and files which encouraged more casualties
C The wide spread famine killed most soldiers. *There was no widespread famine killing people of starvation.
D Unsanitary conditions in which germs and disease easily spread. #The Germ theory was not made yet and people lived in unsanitary conditions which allowed for disease to spread much easier.

What is consumer culture and when did people start paying attention to it in America?
A An economy that focuses on selling consumer goods. Americans started to pay attention to it around the 1910s. *Consumer culture was an economy based around selling consumer goods such as cars. The idea started off around the 1910s when city life was glorified and everyone wanted to flaunt off their wealth with materialistic goods.
B An economy that focuses on selling consumer goods. Americans started to pay attention to it during the civil war era. #The definition is correct but the idea did not have light shined upon it until the 1900s.
C The culture of the people that buy goods. Americans started to pay attention to it around the 1910s. #The definition is wrong but the time is correct.
D The culture of the people that buy goods. Americans started to pay attention to it during the civil war era. #The definition and the time is incorrect.

Why was Samuel Slater thought the be the “Father of American Industrial Revolution”?
A He directly brought a lot of wealth and jobs for Americans. #Although he did help being a lot of wealth to America through the idea of industrialization, this was not why he was called the “Father of American Industrial Revolution”.
B He brought the ideas and technology from Britain, at the time going through their own industrial revolution, which field the Industrial Revolution. *He stole blueprints and ideas from Britain which fueled the Industrial Revolution in America.
C He created the idea of the Industrial Revolution. #The first Industrial Revolution was in Britain.
D He was a very successful business man. #He was a successful business man but was not called the “Father” for this.

What was an effect of the war of 1812?
A The abolition of Slavery through out America. #The Civil War was the cause for abolition of slavery.
B America gained land from Russia and annexed the land and called it Alaska. #This was not an effect of the War of 1812.
C The southern states finally joined back into the American union. # This was an effect of the Civil war.
D Great sense of nationalism and Patriotism throughout America. *Patriotic feelings for America have never been greater in prior history after the war of 1812.

What best describes the 1920s presidents.
A Laid back and conservative. *Not much happened during this time period and the presidents of the time heavily believed in laissez faire.
B Radical and demanding. #They were definitely not radical in their ideas or their way of being president.
C Outspoken and needy. #They were not very outspoken and one of the presidents even had the name “Silent Cal”.
D Peaceful and Outspoken. #They were not very outspoken and one of the presidents even had the name “Silent Cal”, they could be described as peaceful.

What is laissez faire?
A The idea that business should have a say in politics. #The idea said that business and politics should not cooperate.
B The idea that business should help the American people. #This idea is from Carnegie’s “Gospel of Wealth”.
C The idea that politics and business should be separate. *Laissez faire was the idea that all business and politics should be separate and neither should be involved in each other.
D The idea that politics and business should be together. # Laissez faire believed that they should not be together.
