Who was Andrew Carnegie, and what did he do for America?
A He was a political figure who had control over the steel industry. #He was not a political figure, but he did leverage a lot of control over the steel industry in the late 19th century.
B He was a political figure who helped stop the exploitation of workers during the Gilded Age. #He was not a political figure, and was notorious for imposing poor working conditions in his steel mills.
C He was a business man who had enough money to corrupt the government and who exploited children and women for production purposes. *He did have the money to corrupt the government, but didn’t. He exploited women and child workers by giving them low wages, long hours, and no compensation.
D He was a business man who made steel affordable for the country and who treated all his workers fairly. #He was a business man that made steel affordable for America but did not treat his workers fairly. There were reports of workers dying in his factories, and he disregarded their livelihood in favor of his profits.

What was NOT an American argument for or against imperialism in the early 1900s?
A The United States should be focused on Reconstruction instead of building complexes in foreign countries. *Reconstruction had already ended in 1877.
B Imperialism would bolster the U.S. economically, as it would have access to markets in Asia, Central America, and South America. #With the acquisition of the Philippines, Hawaii, and Cuba, the U.S. used these territories as stopovers for overseas trade.
C It was America’s duty to tame the savages of the world and spread the superior western civilization. #This was an argument made by Social Darwinists and proponents of the “White Man’s Burden”. Some Americans held the belief of Anglo-Saxonism, that English-speaking countries were culturally superior and destined to dominate the world.
D America should tackle its wealth inequality before involving itself with foreign countries. #This was an argument made by opponents of imperialism who wanted to address the problems of racism and skewed city politics occuring at that time.

What is eugenics and where did the idea originate?
A Idea from Germany that humans could be bred like animals to have desired traits. #Eugenics did not come from Germany, but eugenics did support breeding humans to increase the occurrence of desirable traits.
B Idea from Britain that humans could be bred like animals to have desired traits. *Eugenics originated in Britain, with people believing that humans should be bred like dogs and cats to increase the occurrence of desirable traits.
C Idea from America that genes could be altered in human beings. #Eugenics did not come from the U.S., nor did the field believe in the alteration of genes.
D Idea from Germany that genes could be altered in human beings. #Eugenics did not come from Germany, nor did the field believe in the alteration of genes.

What is consumer culture, and when did people start paying attention to it in America?
A An economy that focuses on selling consumer goods. Americans started to pay attention to it after World War I. *Consumer culture was an economy based around selling consumer goods such as cars. The idea started off around the 1910s when city life was glorified and everyone wanted to flaunt off their wealth with materialistic goods.
B An economy that focuses on selling consumer goods. Americans started to pay attention to it during the Gilded Age. #The definition is correct, but it did not emerge until after World War I.
C The culture of the people that buy goods. Americans started to pay attention to it around the 1910s. #The definition is wrong but the time is correct.
D The culture of the people that buy goods. Americans started to pay attention to it during the civil war era. #The definition and the time is incorrect.

What best describes the 1920s presidents?
A Laid back and conservative. *Not much happened during this time period and the presidents of the time heavily believed in laissez faire.
B Radical and demanding. #They were definitely not radical in their ideas or their way of being president.
C Outspoken and needy. #They were not very outspoken and one of the presidents even had the name “Silent Cal”.
D Peaceful and Outspoken. #They were not very outspoken and one of the presidents even had the name “Silent Cal”, they could be described as peaceful.

What is laissez-faire?
A The idea that business should have a say in politics. #The idea said that business and politics should not cooperate.
B The idea that business should help the American people. #This idea is from Carnegie’s “Gospel of Wealth”.
C The idea that politics and business should be separate. *Laissez faire was the idea that all business and politics should be separate and neither should be involved in each other.
D The idea that politics and business should be together. #Laissez faire believed that they should not be together.

Which American president first issued the doctrine that European powers will be met with military force if they sought to colonize any more territory in the western hemisphere?
A Theodore Roosevelt. #Theodore Roosevelt actually issued the Roosevelt Corollary, which added onto this pre-existing doctrine the policy that the U.S. would military intervene in any country in the Western Hemisphere to promote order.
B Rutherford B. Hayes. #Hayes' presidency was focused on domestic affairs like civil rights reform.
C George Washington. #Though Washington did encourage future presidents to stay away from European affairs, he did not issue any formal doctrine regarding colonialism.
D James Monroe. *Monroe issued his Monroe Doctrine in 1823 as a safeguard against European interference in the Western Hemisphere.

Which philosophy argued that it was justified for the rich to stay rich and the poor to stay poor?
A Social Darwinism *This philosophy asserts that people should be divided between rich and poor as a result of survival of the fittest.
B Social Gospel #This philosophy actually argued the opposite--that based on the biblical notions of charity, those in poverty should be uplifted.
C Populism #This philosophy actually argued that farmers should have greater political power.
D Nativism #This philosophy supports discrimination against immigrants.

What is the Lost Generation?
A A squadron of American Revolution soldiers that defected to the British side. #Americans that allied with the British were actually called Loyalists.
B The wave of Americans who reached maturity during or shortly after World War I. *The generation that entered adulthood around the time of World War I were disillusioned and had lost many men to the war effort.
C A series of books by Pythagoras that was destroyed in a fire at the Library of Alexandria. #Pythagoras'scripts were not called the Lost Generation.
D A series of farming devices by Richard Arkwright whose designs were lost due to flooding. #Richard Arkwright's designs were never lost due to a flood.

What was a social settlement and what did they do?
A They were community welfare centers helped the poor people in communities. *A social settlement such as the Hull house looked to help the community by serving for community and political reform.
B They were community welfare centers that were for the elderly and took care of them until death. #Social Settlements did not care for the elderly in this way, however there were institutions in which the elderly were cared for.
C They were schools for children to train them into becoming smart politicians. #There was no such institution that did this
D An act that gave money to people that have under a certain income. #There were acts enacted by the government that would help the poor, but this was not one of those acts.

What is yellow journalism?
A A type of journalism technique that only looked to see the good in people and tried to shine a good light on the country. #If anything, yellow journalism is the opposite of this description.
B A type of journalism technique that would twist all stories to make it look bad in America. #This was what muckrakers did, yellow journalism did focus on the negatives in the world; however, that was not its main purpose.
C A type of journalism where all events are dramatized and would stir commotion among nations. *Yellow journalists would look for stories that would make the nation look bad and make the story even worse. In some occasions it would cause tensions among nations.
D The name of the newspaper due to the paper's yellow color. #There was no newspaper company that was called "yellow journalism".

Which of these government measures was not enacted during Theodore Roosevelts Presidency?
A Elkins Act #This act was put under Teddy Roosevelt's presidency to make the railroad system more fair for all people.
B Antiquities Act #This act was put under Teddy Roosevelt's presidency to limit and protect the usage of American resources.
C Hepburn Act #explanationToBePlaced //TODO: put explanation here
D Federal Reserve Act *This act was put under Woodrow Wilson's presidency to make the financial system within the US more stable and at the same time, more flexible.

What group of people would most likely disagree with the Roosevelt Corollary?
A Democratic senators #The Roosevelt Corollary allowed the US to regulate Caribbean affairs and the Democratic Party were internationalists that wanted to get involved int the world.
B Pro-imperial Americans #Pro-imperial Americans would agree with the corollary because this would allow the US to have more power over other countries.
C Pro-isolation Americans *Isolationist would not agree with the corollary because they did not want to get involved in foreign affairs and the corollary made the US involved foreign affairs.
D Progressive Reformers #Although some progressive reformers would disagree with the Roosevelt Corollary, its more likely that a pro-isolation American would agree with the corollary's sentiments.

Why did it take so long for America to join World War 1?
A They didn't have the weapons or technology to be able to keep up in the war. #America was not as powerful as today, but still could have kept up in the war.
B The majority of the American public and politicians were against joining the war. *The majority of Americans was opposed to the war, and in the election of 1916 they even elected an anti-war president. However, the lusitania and Zimmerman telegram provoked Americans and the sides were starting to favor war.
C The US was not ready for war, especially with the Great Depression. #The Great Depression did not exist pre-world war 1.
D The other countries were too powerful compared to America. #Although America probably did not have an army as powerful as the Germans, they had enough power to impact the war. 

The American Civil Liberties Union would least likely agree with:
A Prohibition #Although there would be some opposers to the prohibition act from the ACLU, this would not be the best answer choice.
B Sedition act *The ACLU was a union to protect free speech during times of the Red Scare and the sedition act put a halt to Americans' right to free speech. 
C Espionage act #Although there would be some opposers to the espionage act from the ACLU, this would not be the best answer choice.
D National Origins Act #Although there would be some opposers to the national origins act from the ACLU, this would not be the best answer choice.

Which Act was passed by FDR that created the FDIC? What did the FDIC do?
A Wagner act. The FDIC secured bank deposits up to $2,500. #The Wagner Act did not create the FDIC
B Wagner act. The FDIC protected the rights of workers to join unions. #The Wagner Act did not create the FDIC and the FDIC did not give rights to labor unions.
C The Glass-Steagall Act. The FDIC secured bank deposits up to $2,500. *The act that created the FDIC was the glass-steagall act. The FDIC was in place so that Americans would trust banks more.
D The Glass-Steagall Act. The FDIC protected the rights of workers to join unions #The Glass-Steagall Act created the FDIC; however, it did not protect the right of workers to join unions.

What was NOT a reason for the start of the Great Depression?
A There were a lot of bank rushes in which a large group of people withdrew all their money at once. #This was one of the main reasons for the start of the Great Depression. Bank rushes occurred throughout the whole country and banks would go bankrupt due to not having the money to give out.
B The stock market crashed and the attempts to restore the market failed. #There was a large stock market crash one day and the government tried to revive it by pooling in money in to it. The attempts to revive the market only lasted a few days, and the old situation came about again.
C Nation wide labor unions striking against unfair work conditions. *At this time, there were no large labor union strikes. This is not a cause for the Great Depression.
D A world wide recession that was made worse by the Smoot-Hawley Tariff. #The entire world was in a recession at this time and Hoover passed the Smmoot-Hawley tariff to try to revive the American economy. However, this only made the recession worse for all countries because many retaliation tariffs were put on American goods worldwide.

What was NOT a reason argued for why the treaty of Versailles was a failure?
A The treaty took too much money away from Americans. *This was not a reason why the treaty was seen as a failure. No money was taken away from America in this treaty.
B The treaty took too much money away from the Germans. #The treaty put all the blame on Germany for the World War and they were forced to pay for rebuilding for many nations. This was an argument to why the treaty was a failure.
C The nations could not come to a compromise over the land disputes. #Nations such as France denied to decolonize their colonies. This led to wars and blood shed later in time. This was an argument to why the treaty was a failure.
D The conference that created the treaty excluded Germans and Russians. #The Russians and Germans had not say at this conference and had no representation. This brought along a lot of hate a resentment among the countries which would turn into war. This was an argument to why the treaty was a failure.

What was NOT a reason why the automobile was an important invention in the development in American society?
A It changed the consumer culture of Americans to a more materialistic America. #This was a development caused by the invention of the automobile. Men and women would flock to dealerships to buy their own car just to show off or to use on their leisure time.
B Interstate travel has never been quicker before in human history. #This was a development caused by the invention of the automobile. People could travel from California to Florida in less than a week, which was a huge improvement from any mode of transportation prior to the invention of the automobile.
C The industry created many jobs, not only in the factories, but also in the the construction of roads. #This was a development caused by the invention of the automobile. Many jobs were created from automobile industry. Even during the Great Depression, roads and highways need to be made and this created many jobs for the struggling Americans.
D People started to be more responsible with their money to try to pay for a new automobile. *With the invention of the automobile people became less responsible with their money. People would take loans they could not pay back just to buy a car. The irresponsible usage of money is argued to be a cause of the Great Depression.

What was one way that America was said to favor the allied powers over the central powers during America's neutrality period of the World War?
A The American loans given to Britain and France totaled $2.5 billion while only $56 million to Germans. *During America's neutrality period of World War 1, America gave a lot more money to the British and French than the Germans. Despite being neutral, it was apparent that America favored the allied powers.
B America directly sent free weapons and ships to the allied powers during the war and refused to give the central powers any weapons. #No free weapons were given to either side of the war.
C America secretly sent troops to fight for the allies during the war. #America did not send any troops to Europe to fight.
D America didn't accept trade from any nations from the central powers. #America continued to trade with Germany during the start of the World War, making this answer invalid.
